samples,sal,doc: add nRF54LV10 DK support (BLE only) (#748)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/setting_up_sidewalk_environment/setting_up_sidewalk_prototype.rst

      1. Follow the `Provision your Sidewalk endpoint and flash the binary image`_ documentation.

>          The nRF54L10 and nRF54LV10 share the same ``mfg_storage`` layout: 4 KB located at the end of the App-core RRAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The nRF54L10 and nRF54LV10 DKs share the same ``mfg_storage`` layout: 4 KB located at the end of the application core RRAM.
```

           To do this, perform a factory reset by long pressing **Button 0**.
           This will allow you to register a new product (new :file:`nordic_aws_nrf54l10.hex`) in the Sidewalk network.

>    .. group-tab:: nRF54LV10

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
   .. group-tab:: nRF54LV10 DK
```

      1. Follow the `Provision your Sidewalk endpoint and flash the binary image`_ documentation.

>          The nRF54LV10 uses the same ``mfg_storage`` address as the nRF54L10 (4 KB at the end of the 1012 KB App-core RRAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The nRF54LV10 DK uses the same ``mfg_storage`` address as the nRF54L10 DK (4 KB at the end of the 1012 KB application core RRAM).
````
